Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-create-a-class-called-account
<br>
5/5 - (1 vote)

Create a class called Account. It is designed to manage an online account for a members- only website, so a userid and password are necessary to gain access. There is also a Go through the process of developing a class to determine what other attributes are needed. Include a comment with your reasoning. Determine appropriate accessors and modifiers and write the code for them. A login process that compares typed userid and password to those saved is obviously necessary, so add that. Consider any other utility tions necessary, based upon your use andk those methods. Include a block comment at the beginning of each method describing its purpose. Hand in: Submit the java file through Blackboard. Make sure to attach the file that ends .java, NOT the file that ends class or the file that ends -java.. It is designed to manage an online account for a members- only website, so a userid and password are necessary to gain access. There is also a Go through the process of developing a class to determine what other attributes are needed. Include a comment with your reasoning. Determine appropriate accessors and modifiers and write the code for them. A login process that compares typed userid and password to those saved is obviously necessary, so add that. Consider any other utility tions necessary, based upon your use andk those methods. Include a block comment at the beginning of each method describing its purpose. Hand in: Submit the java file through Blackboard. Make sure to attach the file that ends .java, NOT the file that ends class or the file that ends -java.